you can not
I'm going to leave you like this
yellow logo guy I'm going to thunder you
is what happens and he got right
that the crazy train arrives, puts it between you
the pants when drilling and doing a lot of good
Simón chick of the birds with your facade
fagot
because I get well alone and you dress up
of sausage and pulling the birds as
always carnal or improvising and if you
I leave you a scar in all three
for the bourgeois who is behind the
yellow
and always good cars
you do not know why the event
it is approaching high that exists but
that the box magically ends
I dont know
of telegraphists I'm not a bow so
I'm just an artist
I do not hold on to anything
because bring your pack and trade with
faces with their nike tennis but weapons
for the rolas less to consult you
you feel green with your cross that
you feel good green because you go out in
Youtube
because I'm a gang member but a lot
mother way who said you're rapper
from 12
nobody knows you I do not know you so much
this seen dressed as a bitch dancing in
the kiosk I do not know how bad you can not
with this I come from far away to get you out
the excrement
with my gang here I am in your neighborhood
to get on your knees with this you do not
you can gear is you are like all
those women win you know they're you
tiny and the net that in this I do not
I discuss this vato that wants to earn me
but I'm a train and he's a bastard
reach me you can not with this strip with
violence the net I am nice and do not put
resistance you know it my son you
I give an advice do not get involved I'm the train
channel you are the asshole
then the train
the one who gives me his ass really sharp I'm
the bourgeois representing here the signature
click train your life here you think that
here the weapons I do not think so
think is that by threshing villa
spells you know a thing morros that I do not know
quote until I tell them I am the
bourgeois here in the street of old
radiologists you're a skewer nose that 's
of water before gynecologist
this is not a I'm going to put it on
self-esteem under the subsoil will happen
your self-esteem and your image my son I go
to mop when you see that you do not know
improvise because this comes out of armor
carnal you will not reach and what will you
make me want to dominate here just
you came because the cock is going to suck
thanks to your mother better buttocks
they need
is what happens and municipalities
I am from Jalisco that looks like sheet metal
gnecco
this
I'm like a bread now
this little train that the shape
I do bullying
you feel good green because you're cool
and fagot who say it happens upside down
but supposed the tattooed cholo and hair
look at me asshole I'm a simple prisoner
my brother has already arrived the bald I feel
yards because I brought some staples
shamans like you in the center are
selling potatoes
Seeds are sold
today I'm going to say that whoever said it was
rapper guardianship you know what you can
do better with me channels if you go to
learn to undo and with the main
what do you think it's your wife
with those seaweeds that you have just put you
wig
d
visit
I do not know you feel you throw views
Sometimes, I'll tell you until you won the
tony bullet
sounds of worry
I finish older because I suck it
better do not underestimate what happens in the
magazine
they wake up in my bed